KL - Sales Case Study

The Exercise
Florida Territory Sales Manager at Frosty Coco Woof's focused on selling our per diem staffing product to Long Term Dog Care facilities there. Below you will find the current prospect, their ranking order, and reasoning.

Ranking Priority Reasoning:
My prioritization from highest to lowest priority is determined by sales stage, parent company, PBJ (payroll based journal for Frosty Coco Woof's agency) hours/sellable buildings (how many doggy daycares each health organization has), then activity. I prioritize parent companies because I emphasize long-term relationships and growth potential, followed by PBJ hours/sellable buildings.

═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

Funnel Priority (descending order of highest priority):

1. BAPTIST HEALTH JACKSONVILLE - Baptist Health Jacksonville should be our top priority, given its connection to the parent company, Harborlight Health Services. Harborlight manages 1,000,000 PBJ hours and has 250 sellable buildings in addition to the PBJ hours that Baptist Health Jacksonville offers.

   a. Bella Cooper (HR Director) is hesitant with staffing agencies and does not see us as a viable solution. Their goal is to reduce recruitment cost, shorten vacancy periods, and has a preference for hiring full-time staff. The concern here, after previous conversations with them, is that they have low applicant volume for interviews, extended time-to-hire, and credentialing delays.
   
   b. We relieve the lengthy interview process for HR teams by handling the pre-employment steps. We conduct background checks, screening assessments, and reduce time and effort from internal HR teams. Each healthcare professional we staff must provide documentation such as TB test, licenses, and immunization records as well as having at least six months of relevant experience.
   
   c. It is a seamless check-in for the agents when they arrive. They will identify themselves as a Clipboard employee, complete orientation from local staff, and then receive their assignment from a facility staff member.
   
   d. I understand that weekend reliability and staff turnover are ongoing challenges. We offer an urgent shift feature to address the situation. When a facility needs to post a last-minute or cancelled shift, it is instantly published to our marketplace.

═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

2. MAYO CLINIC FLORIDA MEMORY CARE - Mayo Clinic Florida has 8500 PBJs and 200 bed counts. BlueRiver Care Group, parent company, manages a total of 150,000 PBJ hours across all buildings in the network and 60 sellable buildings.

   a. We can address Coco Williams's concerns of staffing for weekends, last-minute sick calls, and tracking spending.
   
   b. Corporate is cost-conscious and prefers to avoid agency partnerships, our solution to costs is to assign a dedicated Account Manager to optimize and manage overall staffing cost. In addition, we provide a Past Shift Report detailing each professional's name, unique ID, initial shift date, and complete timekeeping data (clock-in, out, and lunch breaks) to ensure full transparency and tracking.
   
   c. For Lucy and RDO, we should provide data-driven insights, including average fill rates, cancellation rate metrics, and overall performance.
   
   d. We should continue to nurture the relationship with Lucy while gathering insights into the challenges faced by other BlueRiver DON's, which can open further opportunities for collaboration across the parent company.

═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

3. CLEVELAND CLINIC FLORIDA MEMORY CARE - Cleveland Clinic Florida has 9000 PBJs and 150 bed counts. Gulf Coast Senior Services Network, parent company, manages a total of 240,000 PBJ hours across all buildings in the network and 90 sellable buildings. Though Gulf Coast Senior has more PBJ and bed counts, the difficulties that Cooper Blake (admin) has experienced with our services will lead to more pushback than Mayo Clinic Florida Memory Care.

   a. Cooper Blake (admin) is coming from Desert Horizon and the notes state that, "They constantly complained - we kept promising to improve the No Show rate but 'never did'". Being that their admin may not be too happy with us, approach with caution and show that we have redeeming qualities.
   
   b. Continue our relationship with Tucker Hayes (staffing coordinator) and empathize with the staff turnover and his stress with staying up at night. We understand that they need the same faces, not a new person. What we can provide are Block Shifts so that families can see the same face. This will be a tough account to win but we need to check-in periodically and provide solutions for staffing challenges.

═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

4. ADVENTHEALTH ORLANDO REHAB - AdventHealth Orlando has 7000 PBJs and 150 bed counts. No parent company.

   a. No engagement in the sales stage.
   
   b. Max Riley (staffing coordinator) is a great contact to have being that we have history with him at Copperleaf Memory. There was already a great relationship established from their previous location. Their team was Big fans of Clipboard -> as well as loving the core product, they sometimes use the per diem platform to 'try out' potential full time hires.
   
   c. We should pursue this lead by starting off our relationship with Noah then to Luna Martinez (DON).

═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

5. TAMPA GENERAL MEMORY CARE - Tampa General Memory Care has 6500 PBJs and 120 bed counts with no parent company.

   a. Charlie Davis (DON) is having some difficulties with filling staffing gaps. Their local agency can cover most staffing which can make it difficult to win this business. Our proposal to win is that we offer Urgent Services, staffing specialties, and flexible schedules.
   
   b. Bailey Thompson (Admin) is also hyperfocused on pricing and using their local agency. I would offer that we can assign an account manager to manage their costs. This includes managing staffing hours, scheduling shifts, and our ability to help with filling unfulfillment rates.
   
   c. I rank Tampa General lower than AdventHealth Orlando because Tampa General already has their own agency and may take more time to win this opportunity. With AdventHealth Orlando, we have trusted contact and they know our services.

═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

6. MEMORIAL HEALTHCARE SKILLED NURSING - Memorial Healthcare has 7000 PBJs and 100 bed counts. Sunshine Senior Living Group, parent company, manages a total of 200,000 PBJ hours across all buildings in the network and 100 sellable buildings.

   a. Unqualified sales stage, I would spend little time with this prospect.
   
   b. I recommend continuing a relationship with Daisy Morgan (staffing coordinator). Do continue emails and follow-ups to ask discovery conversations such as how their weekend shifts are, how they are doing with family/life, and add a touchpoint that our agency can fulfill vacancies that other agencies may not be able to.

═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

Loom Video: https://www.loom.com/share/c7635f6496db42e89b3a521bb6d4fc17
